When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

	There are a couple of cases where remote repositories are especially
	useful besides just having another backup of your repository hosted in the
	cloud in case your computer crashes or gets droped in the toilet. The
	first reason to use a remote repository is if you are collaborating with
	others, since they will be able to work on separate branches of the
	project and push them to the remote location for merging and feedback. The
	other main reason to use a remote repository is for colaborating with
	yourself. This is especially useful if you are using multiple machines to
	work on a project and you want to keep track of your work in one central
	place.
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  	If you have one or many collaborators making changes on the remote
  	repository you might want to wait and evaluate if you want to
  	incorporate those changes into your local version of the code. Also you
  	may want to make sure that there are not obvious problems with the new
  	code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

	Branches are new segments off of a repository that are either on the remote server or on the local machine, but not both. In order for new branches to reflect on the local machine or on the remote they would need to be pushed or pulled. Forks are specific to the remote server and are a way to create a clone directly on GitHubs servers of an existing git repository for use in collaboration. This allows the person who originally created the repository to remain connected and credited for to its progress as others work on it. A clone can be a copy of a repository made on the local machine or a copy of a repository on GitHub.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	There may be a situation where you are working with a collaborator and you want to review what they have done, but do not want to merge yet and you also do not have internet access. In this case it makes sense to fetch a copy of what your master branch looks like online and store it in the origin/master branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	You could just save your files locally and share them through dropbox or Google Drive or through email. The benefit of doing it this way is that it is private and also doesn't cost anything. If you use GitHub and you want to have a private way to collaborate you have to pay for it. There are many downsides to using this method as opposed to using github. If you were not using git and you decided to make a change to a file, you might not be able to save an old version of a file in order to revert to it later. Or you might have to rename the newer version each time making it harder to keep track of your files and also doubling the space that you use each time you save a new copy of your file or files. Another downside is that you might not feel as confident when making a change that you wouldn't screw up your work since you don't have a living history of your files to revert to.