What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository there is a hidden file that gets 
	created which is called .git. Having this file allow use of all of 
	the functions of git like commits, branching, using git diff to 
	compare two commits and get log to view a log of all commits for 
	the current branch.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is an intermediate place to put files before you 
	are ready to commit them. It offers value in that it creates a double 
	check point to make sure you are commiting the right changes in the 
	particulare commit you want to make and that there is a logical reason.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?

	Before you have staged a file that you want to commit, you can use 
	'git diff' command to see the changes between the currecnt working 
	directory and the staging area. Also, when you have staged a file that 
	you want to commit, you can see the changes you are making before you 
	commit by using 'git diff --staged'

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches can be helpful in many different situations where you want 
	to try out an experimental version of the project you are building and 
	don't yet want the changes to affect the current version that is 
	running. Some examples would be if you wanted to create and easier 
	version of a game or if you wanted to create a version of your project 
	in another language, etc.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams help visualize the structure by adding form to the commands 
	on the command line. We can know how to proceed with a commit based 
	on where we are and what we want to do. For example, if we checkout 
	a previous commit and then commit changes from that location we will 
	create an unreachable commit, since we are in detatched head state 
	and the new commit will not be in one of our current branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?

	When we merge two branches together we are actually merging one branch 
	into another branch. For example we might be merging a new feature 
	branch into the master branch to add the new feature to the currently 
	working project. When there is merge, the new commit at the merge points 
	back to both branches and both are reachable from the merge. At this 
	point we can delete the branch that we merged to the master branch since 
	this is just a label and we are still connected to this branches commits 
	at the merged location. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?

	The pros of automatically merging are that it makes merging much faster,
	since you don't have to sift through a bunch of diffs and most likely 
	many lines of code in order to merge two files. The cons are that you 
	might create bugs or there might be conflicts you have to resolve after 
	the merge is done.